Page for individual user with side profile view (#306)
priyankarpal/ProjectsHut: translations/translation_guide.md

## ✒ How to contribute to translation

> - Convert official language to your native language. It would ne better for new comers to contribute to this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Convert the official language to your native language. It would be better for new comers to contribute to this project.
```
